Since 2012
Muinmos
Client Onboarding Platform
User Guide –
1. Creation and Completion of
Assessments
Date: 15/09/2025
Version: 2
Classification: Confidential
If you are not a Muinmos employee or client or have been authorised by them to view this document,
please inform Muinmos ApS via info@muinmos.com this document is in your possession / accessible to you;
do not make any use of it, its content or any part of it, including not disclosing, copying or distributing it in
any way; and delete it without reading it any further.
All Rights Reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of Muinmos®.
The Information in this document is provided for orientation, and Muinmos or its affiliates expressly
disclaim any liability and responsibility for any damage or losses one may suffer from using / relying on it.
Purpose and Scope
This document will provide guidance on the creation and completion of new assessments within the Muinmos
platform.
The Process in Brief
Step 1 In the Assessment List, click “Create Assessment” to be brought to the Assessment Creation screen.
Step 2 In the “Request Assessment” screen, input all relevant information and define the scope of the
assessment, then click “Create.” An invitation will then be sent to your client to complete the assessment.
Step 3 In case you are completing the assessment on behalf of the client – you will be brought back to the
Assessment List. Click on the action wheel to the right-hand side of the screen, for the Assessment you wish
to action. Click “Take Assessment.”
Step 4 You will be brought into the client journey. The look and journey may differ depending on your settings.
Taking each page in turn, fill out the information as required.
Step 5 When completed, return to the Assessments List by navigating back to the main page using your
browser and the URL.
Creating and Completing an Assessment
The following steps detail the process of creating and completing an assessment. It starts from the Assessment
List, which contains information on all created assessments.
Step 1 – The Assessment Dashboard
The Assessment List can be accessed from the sidebar:
This will bring you to the Assessment List:
From here, you can create a

browser and the URL.
Creating and Completing an Assessment
The following steps detail the process of creating and completing an assessment. It starts from the Assessment
List, which contains information on all created assessments.
Step 1 – The Assessment Dashboard
The Assessment List can be accessed from the sidebar:
This will bring you to the Assessment List:
From here, you can create a new assessment by clicking the “Create Assessment” button on the top left of the
screen:
You can also click the “Create” button in the sidebar, as shown above. Doing so will bring you to the Create
Assessment page.
Step 2 – The Create Assessment screen
You will be shown the screen below; include the information as relevant:
Here is an explanation of the different fields on this screen:
Assessment Recipient: The person intended to complete the assessment. If you have enabled the “Email
Invitation” option, then including an email address in this box will prompt the system to send that address an
email. The email will include a link to complete the assessment. Otherwise, the system takes no action on this,
but will add the assessment to the Assessment List.
Reference/Key/ID: An internal reference number or code. It is not unique, so you can have multiple
assessments with the same key.
Client Type: Determines the type of client journey that is initiated. Click the appropriate box depending on the
type of the client.
Perform mPASS™ Regulatory Assessment: Checking this box will add the mPASS™ Regulatory Classification
questions to the journey. To remind, the mPASS™ module can determine a client’s category (retail,
professional etc.), and if the financial services and products they wish to be provided with are suitable /
appropriatefor them, based on their knowledge & experience, financial situation, investment objectives etc.
Perform mCHECK™ KYC/AML Assessment: Checking this box will trigger the mCHECK™ KYC/AML module. You
will then be asked to select a KYC/AML Profile, which will determine the type of checks, questions etc. added
to the journey. These questions cause you to input and verify the information identifying the client. It is not
ticked by default.
Select KYC/AML Profile: This dropdown reveals the available KYC Profiles for your Environment. The KYC
Profile determines the KYC/AML checks that are performed by the system in the course of an assessment.
Upload Additional Documents


to the journey. These questions cause you to input and verify the information identifying the client. It is not
ticked by default.
Select KYC/AML Profile: This dropdown reveals the available KYC Profiles for your Environment. The KYC
Profile determines the KYC/AML checks that are performed by the system in the course of an assessment.
Upload Additional Documents: Appends a series of additional document upload questions, determined by the
list of documents configured in the Request Additional Documents screen.
After you fill out the information in this screen, click the “Create” button. You will be brought back to the
Assessment List.
Step 3 – Taking an Assessment Yourself
As stated above, you have the option to take the assessment yourself (meaning, go through the assessment
journey, on behalf of the client).
Back on the Assessment List, navigate to the Actions wheel, located to the right of the newly-created
assessment:
Clicking on it reveals the available actions:
Clicking on “Take the assessment” brings you to the assessment journey.
Step 4 – Completing the assessment
You will be brought to the assessment journey, the first page of which is the acknowledgement page:
You will then be asked various questions and asked to perform various actions, depending on the content of
the assessment. The look of the journey may change according to your environment, and any customisations
that you make. Generally, the journey will progress as you input the available information. A typical page may
look like this:
Once you fill in the information, click “Next” in order to advance to the next page.
If you close the browser window containing the assessment, your progress up to that point will be saved.
However, any information contained on the page you were on when the window closed, will be deleted.
Additionally, if at any point you press the “Back” button at the bottom of the page:
The information will also be deleted from the current and previous pages.
Upon completing the assessment you will be provided with this screen:
To navigate back to the main page, delete the highlighted part of the URL, as shown below:
You will be returned to the Assessment List.
With that you will have successfully created and completed an Assessment.
If you have any questions or require further clarification on any of the steps, please reach out to our support
email, care@muinmos.com, and our team will be happy to assist.
Appendix 1

 highlighted part of the URL, as shown below:
You will be returned to the Assessment List.
With that you will have successfully created and completed an Assessment.
If you have any questions or require further clarification on any of the steps, please reach out to our support
email, care@muinmos.com, and our team will be happy to assist.
Appendix 1 – Archiving & Deleting an Assessment
To delete an assessment, follow these steps:
1. Open the Action wheel to the right of the assessment and select "Archive Assessment":
2. Filter your assessments to show Archived items. To do this, click on the 3 dots beside "Status" and
click on "Filter":
Doing so will prompt another dropdown:
3. Change the topmost filter, "Is Not Equal To" to read "Is Equal To" - this will prompt the system to
show you all assessments whose Status is "Archived":
The Dashboard will then filter to show you any archived assessments.
4. To delete an assessment, click the Action wheel again and select "Delete Assessment:"
5. You will be given the following screen. Copy the Assessment ID into the box and click "Delete." Please
note that deleted assessments may never be recovered.
6. Finally, to reset the Dashboard settings to see your Assessments List as normal, hit "Reset Selection"
in the upper left of the screen: