Preliminary remarks:
This document must be adapted to the size and complexity of each group engagement. It includes:
all the information the group auditor is required to communicate to component auditors, or that component auditors are required to communicate to the group auditor; 
additional elements based on practice experience.

Highlighted text in YELLOW provides guidance for preparation of the instructions which must be deleted once the instructions have been prepared. Items included between square brackets, or in italics, must be completed by the group engagement team. Highlighted text in GREEN provides different cases/scenarios on specific cases, the group engagement team should only keep one case.

Certain additional information is sometimes required in respect for example of fees and the application of certain independence requirements.

These instructions apply to fully consolidated entities. In the case of entities accounted for by the equity method, the group auditor may use this document as a basis for specific communication with the auditor of the entity accounted for by the equity method.

Audit instructions should ideally be issued three months before year-end. Where this is not the case, component auditors should at least receive an indication of likely scope and timetable.

Please proceed as follows: 
1) Mazars is the unique group auditor: the group engagement team must use these audit instructions and appendices templates, 
2) Mazars is one of the 2 joint auditors of the group: 
a) The joint auditor is one of the Big 4 firms: Mazars group engagement team must reach convergence towards these audit instructions and appendices templates with the joint auditor, and check that the audit instructions sent to the component auditors contain, at a minimum, all the elements of this audit instructions template, 
b) The joint auditor is not a Big 4: the joint auditors must use these audit instructions and appendices templates.

[Insert the Group’s name]

Group audit instructions 
for the year ended [insert the Group’s year-end]

Overview of the Group audit instructions
Introduction
The Group engagement team of [insert the name of the Group auditor(s)] has been engaged to express an audit opinion on the Group financial statements of the Group [insert the name of the Group] (“the Group”), for the year ending [insert the Group’s year-end], in accordance with [insert the applicable accounting framework]. 
The purpose of these instructions is to communicate the aspects of our Group audit strategy that relate to component auditors (“you”), and set out the procedures that we, the Group engagement team, require you to perform on the financial information of the component for which you are responsible.
As a Group Engagement Team, we have a full responsibility on the audit of the Group financial statements including the quality of the work done by the Component auditors. We need to have the adequate documentation in our Group Audit file. 
It is essential that this document be read by the partner, thoroughly and communicated to your audit team involved in the audit of the component to ensure that all the reporting requirements and key deliverables are produced in accordance with the expected quality and required timetable. 
During planning, performance or completion of the audit, please communicate with us immediately if:
Timing of the work creates an irresolvable problem,
Instructions are not fully understood,
It is necessary to change procedures from those specified in these instructions,
Circumstances arise that may result in an opinion other than one of those presented in the appendices (including a modification for a scope limitation or qualification),
Services have been performed without the appropriate pre-approvals or consideration of the independence matters discussed in the interoffice instructions,
Local conditions are such that work cannot be done within the estimated time or fee, 
Difficulties to obtain documentation and explanations, or to get interviews with key people, or
You become aware of events, transactions, or recent or proposed legislative changes that may have a significant impact on the component or other members of the affiliated Group (e.g., instances of fraud, significant changes to the level of control reliance, illegal acts, etc.). 
Upon receipt of these instructions, please:
Seek clarification on any items of uncertainty (e.g., regarding the reporting schedule, scope of work etc.); and
Advise us if you anticipate that you will not be able to comply with the instructions and timetables herein.
Send us your acknowledgement of receipt through the Appendix A - “Acknowledgment of receipt of instructions and independence confirmation”
In formulating these instructions, our

 clarification on any items of uncertainty (e.g., regarding the reporting schedule, scope of work etc.); and
Advise us if you anticipate that you will not be able to comply with the instructions and timetables herein.
Send us your acknowledgement of receipt through the Appendix A - “Acknowledgment of receipt of instructions and independence confirmation”
In formulating these instructions, our key objectives are to:
deliver an independent auditors’ report in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) [insert appropriate auditing standards if not ISA] on the Group financial statements of [insert the name of the Group] and for the year ended [insert the Group’s year-end];
fulfil our professional, legal and statutory obligations;
fulfil communication requirements of ISA 600 [insert appropriate auditing standard if not applying ISA] and also ISA 260 and ISA 265 to [the persons charged with governance of the Group].
Include additional objectives as appropriate.
Principles of communication
Compliance with ethical requirement, including independence
Independence
The independence requirements applicable to the Group are those set forth by the International Federation of Accountants’ (IFAC) Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. In addition, the following rules set forth by the Group are applicable:
In order to manage independence for Group purposes we require that you provide a representation with respect to your independence in accordance with the format in Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)”. If you identify any potential conflicts or threats with respect to your independence, please contact us to enable consideration at the Group level immediately.
A threat that requires a measure occurs when an unacceptable risk of trust or self-interest arises as a result of long-term involvement of one key assurance partner or another senior member (director, senior-manager or manager) of the assurance team on service to the same responsible party.
The International Federation of Accountants (“IFAC”) Code of Ethics is applicable as a minimum and the CCOI (Code of Conduct Objectivity and Independence). 
Where the local requirements in respect of independence are stricter than the IFAC Code of Ethics or there are country specific matters, they should be added to the manual in the dedicated pages added at the end of each Section. These amendments must only be made by the Country Risk Manager or the person responsible for ethics and independence in the country; no other changes should be made to the Mazars Audit Manual.
List any rules specific to the Group including the ones set by the

 or there are country specific matters, they should be added to the manual in the dedicated pages added at the end of each Section. These amendments must only be made by the Country Risk Manager or the person responsible for ethics and independence in the country; no other changes should be made to the Mazars Audit Manual.
List any rules specific to the Group including the ones set by the Audit Committee.
Prior independence confirmation
Before starting your audit work, you should confirm to us that you will comply with independence requirements that are relevant to the Group audit. (please refer to Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)” of the instructions).
Confirmation at the end of the work on the financial information of the component
When completing your work, we ask you to confirm that you have respected the independence requirements for the Group audit. (please refer to Appendix H - “Component Auditor’s Final Confirmation”).
Pre-approval of non-audit services
Non-audit services are subject to disclosure in the Group accounts and should be communicated along with the safeguards in place to protect your objectivity and independence to the Group Engagement Team for approval prior to the service being accepted. (please refer to Appendix G – “Fees reporting schedule”, that you should send us together with the description of the non- audit services, for our approval, prior to your acceptance of these non-audit services). 
Describe any forbidden non-audit services either coming from the Law (Country or Europe for example) and/or coming from the Group Auditor Internal Risk Management policy) and/or from the Group Management.
 Describe the non-audit services process and list of the Group.
Confirmation of component auditor cooperation & Group Engagement Team involvement in component auditor work
The work you will perform on your component (please refer to section C.1) will contribute to the audit of the Group financial statements of [insert the name of the Group]. We require you to confirm that you will cooperate with us, the Group engagement team, including enabling the involvement we consider appropriate in our work and providing us access to audit documentation prepared in connection with the audit of the Group financial statements upon our request. 
This confirmation is included in the Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)”, which you should complete and return to us upon receipt of these instructions.
As part of our responsibility as Group auditor and in accordance with ISA 600, we need to obtain an understanding of the Component auditor

 of the Group financial statements upon our request. 
This confirmation is included in the Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)”, which you should complete and return to us upon receipt of these instructions.
As part of our responsibility as Group auditor and in accordance with ISA 600, we need to obtain an understanding of the Component auditor, evaluate the Component auditor’s communication and evaluate whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence has been obtained from the audit procedures performed by the Component teams. Amongst others, we therefore may be:
An on-site visit to review your working papers,
Obtaining copies of certain working papers,
Involvement in planning and closing meetings with the component management, etc.
As mentioned we may decide to review your working paper for significant items of the financial statements or that we agree in the main themes of the audit. Therefore it is very important that all working papers are in English.
Be aware that these audit instructions – especially instructions dealing with risk factors and materiality levels – are confidential and restricted for internal use. They should not be disclosed to the client without our previous permission. 
All audit files should be kept in retention for at least seven (7) years after the sign of date of the audit opinion or review report.
Communication during the audit
We request that you notify us on a timely basis of any matters that require our attention and significant matters or Key Audit Matters that you expect to report to [insert the name of the Group] Management or those charged with governance of the Component. 
These matters include, but are not limited to:
uncorrected misstatements, 
a significant number of corrected misstatements
significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, 
significant accounting, auditing, financial reporting or taxation matters, including accounting estimates and related judgments, indicators of possible management bias and 
suspected or detected fraud involving the Component’s management, employees who play significant roles in internal control or where the fraud results in a material misstatement of the financial information of the Component. 
In addition, although the Group engagement team is solely responsible for determining the Key Audit Matters (KAM) to be included in the Group audit report, if there are matters addressed in the component audit that you believe may be relevant to our determination of KAM, we request you communicate that information to us.
Your documentation needs to cover: 
The nature of the matter;
Its accounting, auditing, or reporting significance;
The persons with whom the matter was discussed

 Matters (KAM) to be included in the Group audit report, if there are matters addressed in the component audit that you believe may be relevant to our determination of KAM, we request you communicate that information to us.
Your documentation needs to cover: 
The nature of the matter;
Its accounting, auditing, or reporting significance;
The persons with whom the matter was discussed; and
Conclusions reached, the related rationales and the actions taken, including relevant audit procedures performed. It is key that you highlight the position from the Management and also your own position.
Please consider the significance based on the Component audited by you. We will aggregate all items identified and evaluate whether they are significant for [insert the name of the Group].
Also, please notify us on a timely basis of any audit evidence obtained by you from performing work on the financial information of the Component that contradicts the audit evidence on which the original risk assessment performed (and related conclusions reached) at [insert the name of the Group] level was based.
ISA 600.A45 determined clearly trivial misstatements posting level may require downward adjustment during the audit. For example, if we identify an unexpectedly large number of misstatements below the original clearly trivial misstatements posting level, it ordinarily needs to be decreased so that the engagement team performs sufficient work to determine whether misstatements below the designated amount, either individually or aggregated with other adjustments, would be trivial to the financial statements. Therefore, please advise us immediately if this is the case so that we may reconsider the adequacy of auditing procedures performed.
Respect of deliverables format
We ask you to respect strictly the format of the deliverables and appendices and to make sure that all documents have been reviewed at the adequate level of supervision by the Partner. We also kindly request that any document sent are properly formatted including an explicit name of the file. Example ABC Compoent _ Appendix B_31122018.
Confidentiality
We remind you that any information regarding the Group that you could obtain from your audit, from local or Group management or from us, the Group engagement team, is strictly confidential and should not be disclosed to any person not directly concerned and entitled to obtain such information, including the public authority, without prior authorisation from us.
We also draw your attention that you may have information that the Local management does not necessarily have. And vice-versa. We ask you to careful handle those situations.

 confidential and should not be disclosed to any person not directly concerned and entitled to obtain such information, including the public authority, without prior authorisation from us.
We also draw your attention that you may have information that the Local management does not necessarily have. And vice-versa. We ask you to careful handle those situations.

Group Engagement team
The Group Engagement Team is as follows:
If you have any questions regarding these instructions, please contact [insert the name of the team member to be contacted, as well as contact details if not included in the above table].
For any major issue, please make sure that the Group Engagement Partner and the Component partner are in copy of the e-mail or participate to the call.
In case of a portal or a generic address : please insert details
Correspondence with the audit team should be sent per e-mail as much as possible to […] and […]. 
Joint audit [this information to be deleted if not a joint audit]
As required by the [country of the Group auditor] Law, consolidated accounts which are published are certified by 2 auditors “the joint auditors”. The joint auditors issue a single independent auditors’ report on the Group financial statements for which they assume joint responsibility. [This paragraph may be deleted if the Group is not subject to joint audit.]

If you have any questions regarding these instructions, please contact [insert the name of the team member to be contacted, as well as contact details if not included in the above table].
All communications are to be addressed to [insert the name(s) of the applicable person(s)].
The joint auditors must agree as to whether communications are to be addressed to a single one of them or simultaneously to both joint auditors.

Update from prior year
Changes in scope or in the reporting timetable: describe any change in scope or in the reporting timetable
Changes in audit strategy/approach: describe any change in audit strategy/approach
Significant Group Changes: describe any change at Group level in term of accounting standards, consolidation perimeter, applicable laws and regulations…
Other significant changes or matters: describe any other change
Auditing and accounting standards
Your work must be conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) latest version applicable released by the IFAC [insert appropriate auditing standards if not ISA]. For Mazars firms, we ask you also to apply the MAM (Mazars Audit Manual)
The financial information on which you will be reporting is to be prepared in accordance with Group accounting policies. The Group accounting policies are described in section B.4. These policies represent the financial reporting framework for the financial information on which you will be reporting and may differ from other GAAP.

 firms, we ask you also to apply the MAM (Mazars Audit Manual)
The financial information on which you will be reporting is to be prepared in accordance with Group accounting policies. The Group accounting policies are described in section B.4. These policies represent the financial reporting framework for the financial information on which you will be reporting and may differ from other GAAP.

Key information on the Group
The following sections contain relevant information as a result of the overall understanding of the Group, its components and their environment. Further details are available on the Group website [insert a link].
Should you identify significant inconsistencies or differences between this information and the information obtained locally by you, you are requested to communicate such inconsistencies to us as soon as practicable, to allow proper consideration and action at Group level.
Company/Group background
Described any information on the Group:
Business
Shareholders
Key Performance Indicators
Structure of financing
Organisation,
Perspectives, 
Strategy,
Changes in the business
… 
Public filings and other information about the Group
The Group is listed on the [insert name of appropriate stock exchange] Stock Exchange under [insert a reference to the applicable market]. An overview of the Group along with recent financial information, analyst information, background, business performance and press releases can be found on the Group website [insert a link]. This information may also be useful to you in understanding the Group and its components and their environments that are relevant to your scope of work. 
Delete this paragraph if the Group is not a listed one. If any sub-consolidation levels are listed and/or components are listed, please highlight them. For sub-level, please use the dedicated section in C.14.
Key client expectations at Group level
Management of [insert the name of the Group] expects from us to continuously improve our audit and increase value of the audit. Insert management expectation
Key date at Group level

. If any sub-consolidation levels are listed and/or components are listed, please highlight them. For sub-level, please use the dedicated section in C.14.
Key client expectations at Group level
Management of [insert the name of the Group] expects from us to continuously improve our audit and increase value of the audit. Insert management expectation
Key date at Group level

Key document from the Group
Group Accounting Manual
Insert the Group accounting manual
Group Internal control Manual
Insert the Group internal control manual
Internal Audit plan (if applicable)
Insert the Group internal audit plan only for the companies of the scope (if applicable). 
As a component auditor, be careful not to release this information to the component Management as it may be not communicated yet by the Group to the Management.
Split of responsibilities between the Group, the SSC, the local entity (if applicable)
Describe the split of responsibilities between the Group, the Shared Services Center (SSC) and the local entity (if applicable). Make a link with section C.14 on specific cases included shared service centers and service organization.
Consolidation process
Key information in the Group instructions sent by the Group to their components
Document the key information provided by the Group in its instructions. You can also insert the instructions from the Group.
Intercompany process
Document the mapping obtained from the Group, nature of what is being reconciled, materiality used for reconciliation.
As a component auditor, be careful of the impact of non-reconciled intercompany on statutory audits or sub-consolidation levels.
Key schedules of the consolidation package
Document the key schedules of the consolidation package and especially those for which the Group auditor is asking for audit from the component auditor.
Key information relating to the process of preparation of the consolidation package
Document the key information relating to the process of preparation of the consolidation package
Links between Statutory audit and consolidation package
Components’ auditors must submit to Group Engagement Team the audited financial statements of the component upon release. Please, ensure this submission is promptly completed as soon as your auditors report on local financial statements has been issued.

Risks and responses
The following sections contain relevant information as a result of the overall risk assessment procedures of the Group and its components and their environment performed by us. They must be read carefully by the Component Engagement Partner and the Component Engagement Team.
Results of client acceptance/continuance procedures
Client acceptance/continuance procedures 
We have completed the client acceptance/continuance procedures at the Group level. Our overall risk assessment identified the following factors of which you should be aware when performing your procedures at the component.
Describe the factors identified
Fees arrangements
[To be updated following the situation]
Case 1: The fees for the statutory audit and for the audit of the reporting package have to be negotiated locally and the amounts should be reported to us in the Acknowledgement. [end of case 1]
Case 2: The Group decided to manage the fees centrally. Consequently, subsequent to the discussions held between the [insert the name of the Group] Audit Committee/Management/Chief Financial Officer [select the right contact or add it] and the statutory auditor[s] of the Group, the audit fees for the year [include year-end] will be communicate to you as soon as possible.
The [include year-end] audit fees have been communicated also by the Group to local CFOs [or other key people].
We remind you that [insert the name of the Group] requires that no negotiation shall be conducted with local management without involving the Group Engagement Team in the discussion. Accordingly, the proposed fees for any change in scope must be reported to us, for discussion and preapproval from the Group Management, via the preapproval process. [end of case 2]
Significant accounting and auditing issues
The following provides a summary of significant accounting and auditing issues that may be encountered during the audit of [insert the name of the Group]. We ask you to consider these issues to the extent applicable to your component. This includes the effect that new accounting and auditing standards will have on your audit strategy, including the procedures we expect you to perform.
Expected audit strategy
To be updated following the audit strategy: 
Case 1: Due to the activity of the Group, its organization and the high number of transactions occurred each year, we plan to adopt, at Group level, an audit strategy based on internal control (D&I and Operating Effectiveness of the key controls (Group-Wide Controls), IT controls (ITGC and ITAC) and substantive testing. (

 strategy: 
Case 1: Due to the activity of the Group, its organization and the high number of transactions occurred each year, we plan to adopt, at Group level, an audit strategy based on internal control (D&I and Operating Effectiveness of the key controls (Group-Wide Controls), IT controls (ITGC and ITAC) and substantive testing. (Substantive Analytical procedures and/or tests of Detail), including the use of data analytics when applicable. We ask you to apply the same approach at component level. In case of significant deficiencies in internal control / information system, we kindly ask you to inform us immediately. 
Use of sampling: Unless explicitly requested, when testing the effectiveness of controls, we ask you to choose a high reliance and not a moderate reliance. Example: if a manual control is performed by the entity on a daily frequency, a test of 40 items (and not 25) should be chosen according to MAM. [end of case 1]
Case 2: Due the activity of the Group and its organization, we plan to adopt, at Group level, an audit strategy fully substantive (Substantive Analytical procedures and/or tests of Detail) including the use of data analytics when applicable. We ask you to apply the same approach at component level. [end of case 2]
Recommendation: As a group engagement team, for significant risks at least, we request the component auditor to follow a detailed working program on all or partial aspects of risks. If this is the case, the work program will be part of the appendices to be fulfilled by the group auditor. 
Group-wide controls (general approach)
Group-wide controls may be designed and deployed in very different ways depending on the organisation of individual groups. The Group auditor must decide whether it is necessary to:
communicate to component auditors a description of the Group-wide controls identified;
request them to perform work on Group-wide controls.
The text below is an example of what could be included when the Group auditor requests component auditors to test Group-wide controls.
Case 1: We have identified Group-wide controls and have evaluated their design and implementation. Those controls are summarised in the following sections (from sections C.5 to section C.10).
We request you to test their operating effectiveness, as detailed in the dedicated table in the following sections. [end of case 1]
Case 2: We have identified certain Group-wide controls on which we intend to

 Group-wide controls and have evaluated their design and implementation. Those controls are summarised in the following sections (from sections C.5 to section C.10).
We request you to test their operating effectiveness, as detailed in the dedicated table in the following sections. [end of case 1]
Case 2: We have identified certain Group-wide controls on which we intend to place reliance as part of our response to the assessed risks of material misstatement of the Group financial statements arising from the consolidation process. These controls will be tested by the Group engagement team and adequate documentation will be sent to you for the completeness of your documentation file.
These controls address risk relating to the consolidation process only and hence cannot be relied upon by yourselves in obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence to sign your opinion / conclusion. 
Upon request, we can provide you with the relevant working papers relating to the Group wide controls. For this request the component auditor can use appendix I. [end of case 2]
Main risks, including risks of material misstatement due to fraud
Risk of fraud
The Fraud work (ISA 240) shall be integrated to your global audit approach. During planning, each participating engagement team should have its own discussion regarding the risk fraud and error. The local audit Engagement Partner should lead the discussion. Professional audit staff and specialists with a significant role in the planning and performance of the audit engagement should be included in the discussions.
These discussions lead the engagement team members to be alert for information or other conditions that indicate that a material misstatement due to fraud may have occurred. Such discussions also lead the team members to probe the issues, acquire additional evidence as necessary, and consult with other team members and, if appropriate, internal specialists, rather than rationalize or dismiss information or other conditions that indicate a material misstatement due to fraud may have occurred.
You are also required to perform a discussion with the Management regarding the risk of fraud. In this respect, note that all individuals that sign the management representation letter should be included in this fraud discussions as well.
We are also asking that you incorporate an element of unpredictability in the nature, timing and extent of audit procedures performed.
You will find below a preliminary fraud risk assessment at Group level

 timing and extent of audit procedures performed.
You will find below a preliminary fraud risk assessment at Group level

Please communicate to us the results of your discussions with Management about fraud and the testing performed by your audit team to address the risk of fraud in your Summary Memorandum.
Main risks identified
You will find below the list of the main audit risks identified at Group and component level to be addressed, and the business risks identified that may affect the Group/Component as well. 
For each risk identified, please provide a description of the risk as well as the audit strategy to be applied in order to cover the risk. Please use for each risk the following table.
Risks of Material Misstatements at Financial Statements level identified at Group or Component level

One table has to be fulfilled fil for each risk at financial statements level identified
Risks at the level of assertions identified at Group level

One table have to full fil for each risk at financial statements level identified

Key Audit Matters (KAM)
Among the previous elements, the following ones are expected to be Key Audit Matters (or jurisdictional equivalent) in the Group auditor’s report:
Indicate the KAM among the previous elements
When a key Audit Matter (KAM) identified at Group level is directly linked to a component, we request component auditors to provide supplemental information as they perform some or the majority of the work in relation to this KAM. In this case, we request that component auditors include information specific to the matter to be reported in the summary memorandum and a description of the procedures performed by the component auditor with regards to the KAM.
Areas of attention
You will find below the list of the other audit matters identified at Group/Component level to be addressed. We have also included examples of the underlying risks that you could meet and of the audit responses you could implement.
This part would also include for example new auditing standards (IFRS 9, IFRS 15, IFRS 16 etc.) 
Any additional key audit area you may identify should be communicated as soon as possible to the Group Engagement Team.
Describe the areas of attention

Information System
Mapping of key information systems and IT applications
The following IT systems were currently identified by the Group Engagement Team:
Describe the IT systems and tools
Furthermore, as part of your audit of the Component it would be necessary you to gain the adequate understanding of the IT systems within your respective Component.
Information Technology General Controls (ITGC)
ITGC testing is performed locally. Each local audit team must review the ITGCs in their location to the extent respective system is in scope for respective local team and conclude on any potential impact on their local audit approach.
OR
As previously mentioned it would be necessary you to gain the adequate understanding of the IT systems within your respective subsidiary ant to identify those applications which are held at Group level as they will have to be reviewed at that level. 
The following ITGC will be documented, walked-through and tested centrally or locally:
Manage change: Only appropriately authorized, tested and approved changes are made to IT applications, interfaces, databases and operating systems. 
Logical access: Only authorized persons have access to data and IT applications (including programs, tables and related resources) and they can perform only specifically authorized functions (e.g., inquire, execute, update).
Other ITGCs, including IT operations: Data supporting financial information is appropriately backed up so such data can be accurately and completely recovered if there is a system outage or data integrity issue (i.e., backup and recovery). Programs are executed as planned and deviations from scheduled processing are identified and resolved in a timely manner (i.e., scheduling). IT operations problems or incidents are identified, resolved, reviewed and analyzed in a timely manner (i.e., problem and incident management and monitoring).
We kindly ask to refer to the MAM Application guidance 2018
Information Technology Application Controls (ITAC)
As mentioned in section 3.2, we plan to rely on internal control during our audit. One part of the internal control testing will be based on the information system. So we plan to rely on ITAC related to some key process of the Group/Component.
At Group level, we identified the following ITAC in order to response to the previously identified risks:
 
These ITAC will be tested centrally.
For local IT application, we ask you to perform ITAC locally and to report on them to us in your summary memorandum.
Information Produced by the Entity (IPE) and key reports
We request that you have a documented audit trail including any information used by you and that is produced by

 to response to the previously identified risks:
 
These ITAC will be tested centrally.
For local IT application, we ask you to perform ITAC locally and to report on them to us in your summary memorandum.
Information Produced by the Entity (IPE) and key reports
We request that you have a documented audit trail including any information used by you and that is produced by the entity (through information system and/or manually).
Journal entries testing (JET)
We request that your audit will include the following Journal Entry Testing (JET) procedures: 
Obtain an understanding of the types of journal entries (JE) that exist and the process by which each type of journal entry is initiated, authorized and recorded and the controls surrounding them, consider the risk of management override, inquire of individuals involved in the financial reporting process and determine the population of journal entries for testing.
Analyze the data of the determined population of journal entries for testing and consider appropriate filtering of journal entry data to identify those journal entries that have characteristics, or multiple characteristics, that may indicate a higher likelihood of the entry being fraudulent or erroneous, and selecting journal entries for testing based on your understanding of the risk associated with the journal entries analyzed rather than on a pre-determined sample size. 
For each journal entry selected, you are required to test whether the journal entry was supported by an appropriate, underlying business rationale, properly authorized, accounted for correctly and properly recorded. Please notice that all the filtered JE need to be tested against supporting evidence. The filtering should not result with a significant number of JE to test, otherwise, it means that we filtered by mistake routine JE. 
Please document the procedures performed by you and findings in the summary memorandum.
Going concern
The Group Engagement Team will review Management’s [insert the name of the Group] going concern assessment for the year ending at [insert the Group’s year-end], and will corroborate this with our understanding of the business and audit procedures as necessary in order to be able to conclude that financial information is being prepared on an appropriate basis. 
You are requested to pay special attention to any situation or events that may affect the ability of your Component or [insert the name of the Group] to continue as a going concern. If you observe any such situation as you perform your routine audit work, including potential non-compliance with local regulatory requirements, including anti-money laundering, please advise us immediately. In this situation please provide detailed information regarding the Component's operations and financial condition, as

 that may affect the ability of your Component or [insert the name of the Group] to continue as a going concern. If you observe any such situation as you perform your routine audit work, including potential non-compliance with local regulatory requirements, including anti-money laundering, please advise us immediately. In this situation please provide detailed information regarding the Component's operations and financial condition, as well as related regulatory requirements where applicable. 
Laws & regulation
In planning and performing your procedures and in evaluating and reporting the results thereof, you should consider that non-compliance by the component with laws and regulations may materially affect the financial statements of the Group. You should obtain a general understanding of the regulatory and legal framework applicable to the entity and the industry within which it operates, as well as an understanding of how the entity is complying with that framework. If you detect or become aware of information indicating that a violation (whether or not perceived to have a material effect on the client's financial statements) has or may have occurred, report the matter to us on a timely basis. This will be done through your memorandum (Appendix D1 – “Summary memorandum”).
In particular,consider the following local regulation related to (not a closed list):
Anti-Money Laundering
Corruption
Companies Act / Corporate Governance
Stock Exchange, if applicable
Tax
Labor
Capital/liquidity
Related parties
Related parties identified at Group level are listed in Appendix K - “List of related parties” of these audit instructions. 
Please report any transactions with these related parties and any other related parties you may identify as part of your memorandum (Appendix D1 – “Summary memorandum”). This should include details as to whether transactions have been made at arm’s length and in the normal course of business.
Use of experts / specialists
Choosing to rely on the work of others, including management’s specialists and experts will need to be assessed in line with ISA guidance similar to the assessment performed for internal audit. Where you expect to use the work of others please communicate with the Group Engagement Team in order to ensure a consistent and efficient approach for the purposes of your reporting to us will primarily be determined by you based on the circumstances of your Component. You may also choose to engage specialists and experts acting for you in support of your inter-office reporting responsibilities. In order to comply with ISA requirements, please ensure to distinguish between the three definitions as detailed below: 
Auditor’s expert – An individual or organization possessing expertise in a

 purposes of your reporting to us will primarily be determined by you based on the circumstances of your Component. You may also choose to engage specialists and experts acting for you in support of your inter-office reporting responsibilities. In order to comply with ISA requirements, please ensure to distinguish between the three definitions as detailed below: 
Auditor’s expert – An individual or organization possessing expertise in a field other than accounting or auditing, whose work in that field is used by the auditor to assist the auditor in obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence. An auditor’s expert may be either an auditor’s internal expert (who is a partner or staff, including temporary staff, of the auditor’s firm or a network firm), or an auditor’s external expert (ISA 620.6).
Management’s expert – An individual or organization possessing expertise in a field other than accounting or auditing, whose work in that field is used by the entity to assist the entity in preparing the financial statements.
Specialist - A member of the engagement team with expertise in a specialized area of accounting or auditing.
Where a specialist is used, direction, supervision and review of that engagement team member's work may include matters such as:
The people who actually carry out the fieldwork. This will include grades of staff up to and, for high-risk areas or objectives, including manager.
Skills, knowledge and experience in a particular field.
All partners and staff performing the engagement, and any individuals engaged by the firm or a network firm who perform audit procedures on the engagement. This excludes an auditor's external expert engaged by the firm or a network firm.
Agreeing with that member the nature, scope and objectives of that member’s work; and the respective roles of, and the nature, timing and extent of communication between that member and other members of the engagement team 
Evaluating the adequacy of that member’s work including the relevance and reasonableness of that member’s findings or conclusions and their consistency with other audit evidence. 
Representation letter
We ask that you request a representation letter in accordance with the template included in Appendix E - “Management representation letter” of these instructions when performing [specify the nature of the applicable work]. It must be signed at the right level locally and not only by the CFO. 
If you are unable to obtain such a representation letter, you should advise us immediately and also so report in your Summary memorandum.
Subsequent events procedures
Procedures to be performed when an audit of financial information is performed
We ask that you

 [specify the nature of the applicable work]. It must be signed at the right level locally and not only by the CFO. 
If you are unable to obtain such a representation letter, you should advise us immediately and also so report in your Summary memorandum.
Subsequent events procedures
Procedures to be performed when an audit of financial information is performed
We ask that you perform the following work to confirm that there has been no significant subsequent event covering the period from the date of your audit report to the [insert the closest possible date to the date of issuance of the Group audit report]: define work according to ISA 560, Subsequent events.
You are to complete Appendix F - “Subsequent events letter (for Group reporting purposes)” even if no subsequent events were identified that may require an adjustment to or a disclosure in the Group financial statements.
Procedures to be performed in other cases
You should notify us of any subsequent events that come to your attention.

Specific cases
Shared Services Centers (ISA 402 / ISAE 3402) (Internal within the Group)
Component auditors shall review the list of services provided by the Shared Service Centers used locally. 
The key question is to know which audit strategy and who will collect the audit evidence at the adequate materiality level so that it can be used by the Group Auditor and / or the component auditor.
In case there is a Shared Services Center / Shared Services Unit, the Group engagement team will describe tests of controls for common significant classes of transactions and substantive procedures that will be performed at the shared service center (SSC).
The results of which will be relevant to several components. 
Component teams are advised to use this work to the extent applicable. 
Component teams with statutory audit requirements determine the extent to which they can rely upon these procedures or whether additional procedures are necessary due to differences in scope.
The results of the procedures performed by the SSC team will be communicated as soon as the results are on hand.
Please note that it can happen that a SSC could also be subject to an ISAE 3402 report.
Service Organizations (ISA 402 / ISAE 3402) (Outside the Group or the entity)
Component auditors shall review the list of services provided by the Service Organizations used locally.
The key question is to know which audit strategy and who will collect the audit evidence at the adequate materiality level so that it can be used by the Group Auditor and / or the component auditor.
Sub-consolidation
This section only applies to components which prepare a consolidation at their level and the work to be performed by component auditors in this respect. This section should be tailored as appropriate
If the financial information is consolidated at the component level before being reported to Group, please design procedures which will enable you to gain comfort about the accuracy of the figures reported, in accordance with ISA 600.
The following should be considered when designing your procedures:
competency, independence and ethical considerations in respect of the auditors of the entities included in the component consolidation; 
the nature, timing and extent of your involvement in the risk assessment procedures of the auditors of the entities included in the component consolidation;
the reliance placed on the work of the auditors of the entities included in the component consolidation, including your involvement in their work, the documentation of their work and conclusions, and the determination of additional procedures; 
the consolidation scope, including explanations for not consolidating or excluding certain entities from the

 the risk assessment procedures of the auditors of the entities included in the component consolidation;
the reliance placed on the work of the auditors of the entities included in the component consolidation, including your involvement in their work, the documentation of their work and conclusions, and the determination of additional procedures; 
the consolidation scope, including explanations for not consolidating or excluding certain entities from the consolidation scope (e.g. severe long-term restrictions, component purchased for subsequent resale, …) and the determination of significant components at your level;
the communication of these elements to the auditors of the entities included in the component consolidation;
any qualification of the financial statements of entities included in the component consolidation.

Scope of work 
Nature of work
You are requested to perform an audit on the financial information of the component for Group audit purposes.
We have defined scope levels and any additional procedures required for Group audit purposes as follows:
Audit (“Full Audit Scope”): In accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) [insert other auditing standards if appropriate], perform an audit of the component’s financial information prepared for Group reporting purposes using component materiality and performance materiality as communicated in table 3.1.3 below, sufficient to issue an audit report which contains your opinion about whether the component’s financial information was prepared in conformity with the Group instructions issued by [insert the name of the Group]’s management and the policies contained in the [insert the name of the Group]’s accounting manual.

Audit of one or more account balances and/or disclosures (“Specific Audit Scope”): In accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) [insert other auditing standards as appropriate], perform an audit of one or more account balances and/or disclosures which are listed above and are included in the component’s financial information prepared for Group reporting purposes, using the component materiality and performance materiality assigned to you. The audit you perform should be sufficient to issue an audit report which contains your opinion about whether the component’s financial information related to those account balances and/or disclosures was prepared in conformity with the Group instructions issued by [insert the name of the Group]’s management and the policies contained in the [insert the name of the Group]’s accounting manual.

Review (“Limited Review Scope”): In accordance with International Standards on Review Engagements (ISRE), perform a review of the component’s financial information prepared for Group reporting purposes using the component materiality assigned to you, sufficient to issue your review report which contains your conclusion that nothing came to your attention that caused you to believe that the component’s financial information prepared for consolidation purposes was not prepared in accordance with the Group instructions issued by [insert the name of the Group]’s management and the policies contained in the [insert the name of the Group]’s accounting manual. 
Materiality levels to be used by the component auditors
We ask you to make sure you use acronyms. Especially in case of joint audit, you should include the different acronyms and concepts to avoid any misunderstanding.
We remind you that Group materiality levels should never be disclosed to the component auditors.
 
Component materiality (CM)
Component materiality relevant to your audit, including audits of account balances and/or disclosures, or review performed as part of the audit of the Group financial statements, is included above in table 3.5. If you have any concerns over the component materiality applicable to your audit or review performed as part of the audit of the Group financial statements, please contact us as soon as possible.
If you are performing an audit of the component’s financial statements because of statute, regulation or other reason and if we use your audit to obtain audit evidence for the Group audit, you are to include your materiality in Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)” and we will consider whether it meets our requirements as the Group engagement team. In any cases of subsequent change of component materiality, you are to notify us as soon as possible.
Component performance materiality (CPM)
When we have requested you to perform an audit of the financial information of a component or an audit of one or more account balance(s) or disclosure(s) in the financial information of a component for purposes of the audit of the Group financial statements, you are to provide us with your performance materiality using Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)”. In any cases of subsequent change of component performance materiality, you are to notify us as soon as possible.
Threshold for clearly trivial misstatements (CTT)
The threshold for clearly trivial misstatements is the amount below which misstatements are clearly trivial to the Group

 performance materiality using Appendix A - “Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence)”. In any cases of subsequent change of component performance materiality, you are to notify us as soon as possible.
Threshold for clearly trivial misstatements (CTT)
The threshold for clearly trivial misstatements is the amount below which misstatements are clearly trivial to the Group financial statements.
Scoping and materiality levels

Summary of misstatements
Misstatements, whether corrected or expected to be corrected, or not by the entity, shall be recorded during the course of the audit, and posted to a Summary of Misstatements (SOM) template. Any supporting documentation for a SOM item needs to be included in your engagement file. 
When you find misstatements above Clearly Trivial Threshold, it is key that you ask on a timely basis its correction at local level.
For format of documentation of Summary of misstatements items please refer to Appendix D7. When communicating details of misstatements to the Group Engagement Team, please distinguish these misstatements between factual (due to error) and judgmental misstatements. The SOM must include the specific FSA impacted and if there is a cash flow impact. 
All identified misstatements and related adjustments are to be discussed and agreed with Component management on a timely basis before immediately reporting to the Group Engagement Team. Any disagreements with Component management need to be highlighted in your reporting to us. Additionally, misstatements identified during your audit (whether recorded and notwithstanding materiality) need to be considered for indication that an internal control weakness or fraud may exist.
ISA 450.5, states that it may be necessary to reduce the clearly trivial misstatements level in certain circumstances. For example, if we identify an unexpectedly large number of misstatements below the original clearly trivial misstatements posting level, it ordinarily needs to be decreased so that the engagement team performs sufficient work to determine whether misstatements below the designated amount, either individually or aggregated with other adjustments, would be immaterial to the financial statements. Therefore, please advise us immediately if this is the case, so that we may reconsider the adequacy of audit procedures performed.
The threshold for clearly trivial misstatements established for the entities in scope is [insert the clearly trivial misstatements amount].
Additionally, Component auditors are required to inform to the Group Engagement Team any corrected misstatements identified and accounted during the audit. Please inform it in the section “Other Matters” in the Appendix D.
Timetable of communications and communication process
The reporting requirements and key reporting dates applicable to you are described below:

 entities in scope is [insert the clearly trivial misstatements amount].
Additionally, Component auditors are required to inform to the Group Engagement Team any corrected misstatements identified and accounted during the audit. Please inform it in the section “Other Matters” in the Appendix D.
Timetable of communications and communication process
The reporting requirements and key reporting dates applicable to you are described below:

Strict respect to the key reporting dates is essential. We request that you notify us immediately if you anticipate that you will not be able to meet one or more of the requested reporting deadlines.
All communications should be sent to [insert the name of the addressee Group auditor(s) and applicable email address]. All reporting schedules must be signed by the partner in charge of the component, scanned and submitted on the reporting date indicated in the timetable above.
All communications should be in English.

Appendices

Name Level Phone no. Email address
 Group Engagement Partner 
 Senior Manager 
 Manager 
 Experts
Specialists 
Name Level Phone no. Email address
 Group Engagement Partner 
 Senior Manager 
 Manager 
 Experts
Specialists 
Event Date
Audit Committee XX/XX/XXXX
Board of Directors XX/XX/XXXX
Press release XX/XX/XXXX
Sign-off of audit report XX/XX/XXXX
Fraud risk Description
Management override of controls Management may override controls due to their position. This is a significant risk that cannot be NEVER rebutted in accordance with ISA and our audit methodologies
Revenue recognition Describe the risk of revenue recognition for the Group or refute it if not applicable and especially the assertions involved, in connection with the principles described also in the notesto the FS.
Risk identified Management override of controls
Procedures performed at Group level To be described
Procedures to be performed by local auditors Journal Entries testing (cf. C.7 below)
Review of accounting estimates
Evaluation of business rationale of significant transaction outside the normal course of business
Risk identified XXXX
Risk identified To be described
Procedures performed at Group level To be described (including Group wide controls)
Procedures to be performed by local auditors Audit strategy (Reliance on Tests of Controls to reduce Substantive testing or directly Substantive testing (Substantive Analytical Procedures and/or Tests of Details)
Risk identified Revenue recognition
Procedures performed at Group level To be described (including Group wide controls)
Procedures to be performed by local auditors Audit strategy (Reliance on Tests of Controls to reduce Substantive testing or directly Substantive testing (Substantive Analytical Procedures and/or Tests of Details)
Risk identified XXXX
Risk identified To be described
Procedures performed at Group level To be described (including Group wide controls)
Procedures to be performed by local auditors Audit strategy (Reliance on Tests of Controls to reduce Substantive testing or directly Substantive testing (Substantive Analytical Procedures and/or Tests of Details)
 Risk description “Minimal” prescribed audit procedures
1 Description of the risk XXX
2 
3 
 ITAC description Risk covered
1 ITAC description Risk covered
2 
3 
Entity Location Auditor Scope Materiality levels Materiality levels Materiality levels
Entity Location Auditor Scope CM CPM CTT
 
 
 
Appendices Delivrables Deadlines/Date
A Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and

 Description of the risk XXX
2 
3 
 ITAC description Risk covered
1 ITAC description Risk covered
2 
3 
Entity Location Auditor Scope Materiality levels Materiality levels Materiality levels
Entity Location Auditor Scope CM CPM CTT
 
 
 
Appendices Delivrables Deadlines/Date
A Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence) Upon Receipt
B Planning Strategy Memorandum XX/XX/XXXX
C Early Warning Memorandum XX/XX/XXXX
D1 Summary Memorandum XX/XX/XXXX
D2 Audit report on the reporting package XX/XX/XXXX
D3 Audit report on account balances and/or disclosure XX/XX/XXXX
D4 D4 Audit clearance on Specified Audit Procedures XX/XX/XXXX
D5a D5a Review report - Clean conclusion (non-significant components only) XX/XX/XXXX
D5b D5b Clearance on specified procedures (non-significant components only) XX/XX/XXXX
D6 Reporting package and supplementary schedules identification XX/XX/XXXX
D7 Summary of Misstatements XX/XX/XXXX
E Management representation letter XX/XX/XXXX
F Subsequent event letter for Group reporting purposes XX/XX/XXXX
G Fees reporting schedule XX/XX/XXXX
H Component auditor final confirmation XX/XX/XXXX
Appendix number Name of the appendix Appendix
A Component Auditor’s Confirmations (acknowledgement of instructions and independence) Add the appendix as a file

B Planning Strategy Memorandum Add the appendix as a file

C Early Warning Memorandum Add the appendix as a file

D1 Summary Memorandum Add the appendix as a file

D2 Audit report on the reporting package Add the appendix as a file

D3 Audit report on account balances and/or disclosure Add the appendix as a file

D4 D4 Audit clearance on Specified Audit Procedures - Clean conclusion Add the appendix as a file

D5a D5a Review report - Clean conclusion (non-significant components only) Add the appendix as a file

D5b D5b Clearance on specified procedures (non-significant components only) Add the appendix as a file

D6 Reporting package and supplementary schedules identification Add the appendix as a file

D7 Summary of Misstatements Add the appendix as a file

E Management representation letter Add the appendix as a file

F Subsequent event letter for Group reporting purposes Add the appendix as a file

G Fees reporting schedule Add the appendix as a file

H Component auditor final confirmation Add the appendix as a file

J J Request of information on group wide controls Add the appendix as a file

K Related Parties Add the appendix as a file

L Fraud considerations Add the appendix as a file