To the Board of Directors of 
MERCURY FUND
4, Rue Robert Stumper
L-2557 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

Luxembourg, June 28th, 2023

Dear Sirs,

Thank you for choosing HACA Partners S.à r.l. to perform the services described below (the “services” or the “engagement”) for Mercury Fund.

This letter, together with the enclosed general terms and conditions (collectively, the “engagement letter”), describes and documents the arrangements between us, including our respective obligations, in relation to the independent audit of the financial statements of Mercury Fund.

1. Scope of the audit

We have been requested by the Board of Directors of Mercury Fund (“the Fund”) to act as Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé for the purposes of carrying out the statutory audit of the financial statements of the Fund and each of its sub-funds for the year ending December 31, 2022, which comprise the statement of net assets and the statement of investments as at December 31, 2022, the statement of operations and changes in net assets for the year then ended and the notes to the financial statements including a summary of significant accounting policies.

We are pleased to confirm our acceptance and our understanding of this engagement. Our engagement will be carried out with a view to expressing an opinion on the financial statements in accordance with international standards on auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.

We will conduct our engagement in accordance with the requirements imposed upon Réviseurs d’Entreprises Agréés by the Law of February 13, 2007 on Specialized Investment Funds (“SIF”), as amended.
 
All documents including the financial statements or extracts from the financial statements covered by our opinion must be provided to us before they are issued.

Further to international standards on auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, our engagement may lead us to attend the general meetings of shareholders and/or meetings of the Board of Directors of the Fund. You are responsible for keeping us informed about the dates of general meetings and meetings of the Board of Directors of the Fund.

Further to international standards on auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, our engagement may lead us to attend the general meetings of shareholders and/or meetings of the Board of Directors of the Fund. You are responsible for keeping us informed about the dates of general meetings and meetings of the Board of Directors of the Fund.

Where the depositary bank and/or the professional of the financial sector responsible for the central administration of the Fund have been the subject of a report on the controls over their activities to the Fund by a Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé or by another auditor, in the event we decide to refer to it/them, we cannot be held responsible for the content and conclusion of such a report. In addition, it is the responsibility of the Board of Directors of the Fund to obtain from the respective Réviseurs d’Entreprises Agréés or auditors access authorisation to this (these) report(s).

2. Communication of audit matters to those charged with governance

We will communicate to those charged with governance, the Board of Directors of the Fund, the planned scope and timing of the audit and our significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we may identify in the course of our engagement in accordance with the communication modalities determined with you.

However, should we identify any matter arising from fraud, error or non-compliance with laws and regulations having an impact on the annual accounts, and if this is in accordance with the legislation, we may be required to communicate such matter to those charged with governance of the Fund earlier than anticipated in the audit plan.

Our communications will be prepared exclusively for those charged with governance of the Fund, unless the engagement implicitly authorises communication to authorised third parties. Our communications may not be used for other purposes.

Our communications to be prepared for the information of those charged with governance shall not be communicated to third parties without our prior written consent. This consent will only be granted on the basis that such communications are not prepared for the benefit of third parties but only for the needs of those charged with governance, to whom they are addressed. Consequently, we are not liable or responsible to third parties.

3. Audit report

3. Audit report

Our audit report to the Shareholders will state whether, in our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund and its Sub-Funds as at December 31, 2022, in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements.

As part of our audit, we will read the additional information included in the annual report, which is the responsibility of the Board of Directors of the Fund and, in doing so, we will consider whether the additional information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or, our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the additional information included in the annual report, this fact will be reported in our audit report.

The form and content of our report may need to be amended according to our audit findings.

We shall accept liability solely for the observations and content of our final written report issued on completion of our audit which includes the conclusions of our audit.

The financial statements, including our audit report, must be sent to the CSSF no later than six months after the financial year end to which these financial statements, including our audit report, refer to.

4. Management letter

Following the review of the financial statements, in accordance with the law and CSSF circular 21/790 we will also issue a management letter to the attention of the management bodies of Fund.

The management letter will set out any material weaknesses or significant areas for improvement identified from the procedures performed during the audit and is not intended for the public. It is issued for the exclusive use of the management bodies and the CSSF.

The management letter completed in the dedicated module of the CSSF's digital portal eDesk must be transmitted by the Board of Managers of the General Partner of the Fund to the CSSF within the deadline set out in the above-mentioned Circular.

If our audit procedures do not identify any point to be included in a management letter, this conclusion will be communicated via the eDesk portal.

5. Written representations

In the course of our engagement and in accordance with international standards on auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, we shall request those charged with governance, the Board of Directors of the Fund, to confirm in writing all representations that have been made to us during the course of our engagement.

5. Written representations

In the course of our engagement and in accordance with international standards on auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, we shall request those charged with governance, the Board of Directors of the Fund, to confirm in writing all representations that have been made to us during the course of our engagement.

Additionally, and in accordance with the Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises (“IRE”) professional standard on the prevention of money laundering and financing of terrorism, the Board of Managers of the General Partner of the Fund will have to confirm to us that:

Anti-money laundering and fight against financing of terrorism procedures as provided for by the Luxembourg rules and regulations and CSSF Circulars have been developed and implemented;

Information obtained in connection with investors and, where appropriate, ultimate beneficial owners has been made available to us;

Any reporting of suspected money laundering to the State Prosecutor and/or the CSSF have been notified to us; and

A complete list of investors and, where applicable, ultimate beneficial owners in respect of whom identification and “Knowledge of Business” procedures remain incomplete has been made available to us.

This representation letter must be received by us prior to the issuance of our audit report on the financial statements.

6. CSSF Circular 11/503

In accordance with the article 55 (3) of the Law of February 13, 2007 on Specialised Investment Funds, as amended, it is your duty to transmit to the CSSF any reports and written comments issued by the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé in the context of the audit of the annual accounts, pursuant to the law and as specified in the CSSF circulars.

In order to meet the deadlines set for the transmission and publication of financial information, it is your duty to make the necessary information available to the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé in charge of the audit. If, for any reason, you have difficulties to make this information available to the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé, you shall promptly inform the CSSF.

 set for the transmission and publication of financial information, it is your duty to make the necessary information available to the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé in charge of the audit. If, for any reason, you have difficulties to make this information available to the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé, you shall promptly inform the CSSF.

The Réviseur d'Entreprises Agréé must ensure that the audit of the accounting documents of the supervised entity is organized in such a way that he/she is in a position to transmit these documents within the deadlines. Where the Réviseur d'Entreprises Agréé has difficulties in receiving the necessary information to perform the statutory audit of the supervised entity, the Réviseur d'Entreprises Agréé shall promptly inform the CSSF.

7. Professional secrecy of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé

Pursuant to the Law of 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, our staff and ourselves are required to maintain professional secrecy and a strict level of confidentiality in respect of any information obtained in the course of our engagement.

Without prejudice of the provisions of the general terms and conditions applicable to the execution of assignments carried out by Réviseurs d’Entreprises Agréé, and in accordance with the article 55(3) of the Law of February 13, 2007 on Specialised Investment Funds, as amended, the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé must report promptly to the CSSF any fact or decision of which he has become aware while carrying out the audit of the accounting information contained in the financial statements of an undertaking for collective investment or any other legal task concerning an undertaking for collective investment, where such fact or decision is likely to:

Constitute a material breach of this Law or the regulations adopted for its execution; or,

Affect the continuous functioning of the undertaking for collective investment or of an undertaking contributing towards its business activity; or lead to a refusal to certify the financial statements or to the expression of qualifications, thereon.

Constitute a material breach of this Law or the regulations adopted for its execution; or,

Affect the continuous functioning of the undertaking for collective investment or of an undertaking contributing towards its business activity; or lead to a refusal to certify the financial statements or to the expression of qualifications, thereon.

The Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé shall likewise have a duty to promptly report to the CSSF, in the accomplishment of his duties referred to in the preceding paragraph in respect of an undertaking for collective investment, any fact or decision concerning the Undertaking for Collective Investment and meeting the criteria referred to in the preceding paragraph of which he has become aware while carrying out the audit of the accounting information contained in the financial statements of another undertaking having close links resulting from a control relationship with this Undertaking for Collective Investment or while carrying out any other legal tasks related to another undertaking having close links resulting from a control relationship with this Undertaking for Collective Investment or an undertaking contributing towards the business activity of this entity.

For the purpose of Article 55(3) of the Law of February 13, 2007 relating to Specialised Investment Funds, as amended, a close link resulting from a control relationship shall mean the link which exists between a parent undertaking and a subsidiary in the cases referred to in Article 77 of the Law of June 17, 1992 concerning the annual accounts and consolidated accounts of credit institutions, as amended, or as a result of a relationship of the same type between any subsidiary undertaking of a subsidiary undertaking is also considered as a subsidiary of the parent undertaking which is at the head of those undertakings. A situation in which two or more individuals or legal persons are permanently linked to one and the same person by a control relationship shall also be regarded as constituting a close link between such persons.

If, in the discharge of his duties, the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé ascertains that the information provided to investors or to the CSSF in the reports or other documents of The Fund does not truly describe the financial position and the assets and liabilities of The Fund, he will be obliged to inform the CSSF forthwith.

If, in the discharge of his duties, the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé ascertains that the information provided to investors or to the CSSF in the reports or other documents of The Fund does not truly describe the financial position and the assets and liabilities of The Fund, he will be obliged to inform the CSSF forthwith.

The Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé shall moreover be obliged to provide the CSSF with all information or certificates required by the latter on any matters of which the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé has or ought to have knowledge in connection with the discharge of his duties. The same applies if the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé ascertains that the assets of The Fund are not or have not been invested according to the regulations set out by the Law or the prospectus.

In return for this reporting duty, the provisions of 55(3) of the Law of February 13, 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, guarantee that the disclosure in good faith by a Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé to the CSSF of any fact or decision referred to in this paragraph shall not constitute a breach of professional secrecy or of any restriction on disclosure of information imposed by contract and shall not result in liability of any kind of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé.

Without prejudice of the provisions of the general terms and conditions applicable to the execution of assignments carried out by Réviseurs d’Entreprises, should the need arise, as part of our audit engagement and with your prior consent, to deliver data or information to you by electronic means, our duty of confidentiality shall be limited to the implementation of appropriate security measures.

8. Protection of personal data

As part of the communication mentioned in the preceding paragraph, we may be required to process Fund information relating to specific individuals ("personal data") in countries in which we intervene during our engagement. We undertake to treat personal data in accordance with the legislation on the protection of individuals regarding the processing of personal data.

9. Fees

Our fees, to be billed as our work progresses, are based on the time required by the individuals assigned to the engagement plus out-of-pocket expenses. Individual hourly rates vary according to the degree of responsibility, experience and skill of those involved. Should any additional costs arise during the course of our engagement, we shall discuss and agree them with you.

9. Fees

Our fees, to be billed as our work progresses, are based on the time required by the individuals assigned to the engagement plus out-of-pocket expenses. Individual hourly rates vary according to the degree of responsibility, experience and skill of those involved. Should any additional costs arise during the course of our engagement, we shall discuss and agree them with you.

We estimate that our fee will be approximately EUR 22,905.00 excluding VAT and out-of-pocket expenses. Our fees will be adjusted on the basis of salary indexation, if applicable (the index as of the date of this engagement letter is at 992.24 points).

The fees aforementioned are determined based on the structuring of the Fund and its sub-funds as well as the number of active sub-funds and the nature and number of investments held by the sub-funds at financial year end. In particular, the aforementioned fees may vary when illiquid and difficult to price assets are held by the sub-funds, depending on the nature of the work performed and on the supporting documents that could be provided us by the AIFM of the Fund.

In addition, regulatory expenses relating to the supervision of the profession of Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé by the CSSF will be added to the invoices. Regulatory expenses are estimated at 3.50% of total fees.

For clarity, our fees will be billed and payable as follows:
80% at the start of the engagement (interim stage);
20% before we issue the final report.

10. Force majeure

Neither the Fund nor we will be liable in any way for failure or delay in performing our respective obligations under this engagement if the failure or delay is due to causes outside the reasonable control of the party that has failed to perform.

11. Severance of Terms

In the event that any of the terms of this engagement are held to be invalid, the remainder of the terms will continue in full force and effect.

12. Entire agreement

Our engagement letter and the enclosed terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between us with respect to this engagement and supersede all prior agreements, proposals, oral and written representations and negotiations.

13. Duration of our engagement

This engagement letter is drawn up for a period of one year and may be terminated for good cause. A difference of opinion on an accounting treatment or a control procedure is not a valid ground for termination.

13. Duration of our engagement

This engagement letter is drawn up for a period of one year and may be terminated for good cause. A difference of opinion on an accounting treatment or a control procedure is not a valid ground for termination.

In the absence of an express renewal of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé engagement by the General Meeting of Shareholders, it shall be considered as being automatically renewed.

14. Respect for human rights and the environment

Both parties affirm that they respect the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, in their internal organization, policies and procedures by identifying their human rights-related risks and opportunities, as well as in their relations with third parties, employees and various stakeholders.

The responsibilities ensued to the parties include the respect of internationally proclaimed human rights such as environmental protection, health and safety, equality and diversity, data protection and privacy, non-discrimination and transparency, by making sure that they are not complicit or implicated in any way in human rights abuses including corruption in all its forms.

The parties acclaim to adopt a ‘rights-aware approach’ by accepting that their stakeholders have universal rights and that any decisions made by the parties should strive to respect these.

Each party undertake to maintain this commitment throughout our contractual relationship, and inform the other party without delay in the event of non-compliance or breach of this commitment while doing their best to remedy the situation as quickly as possible.

We reserve the right to terminate the engagement immediately and without compensation in the event of a proven human rights abuse (including, but not limited to, legal decisions by the ECtHR), without prejudice to any indemnification affecting our reputation.

15. Acceptance

We would kindly ask you to sign and return to us a copy of this engagement letter, as well as a signed copy of the general terms and conditions for Réviseurs d’Entreprises which form an integral part of this engagement letter, to confirm your agreement with the terms and conditions of our engagement for the audit of the financial statements, including our respective responsibilities.

We thank you for your confidence and we look forward to working with you.

Yours faithfully,

On behalf of HACA Partners S.à r.l., Cabinet de Révision Agréé

Cyril Cayez, Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé
Partner

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Mercury Fund

We thank you for your confidence and we look forward to working with you.

Yours faithfully,

On behalf of HACA Partners S.à r.l., Cabinet de Révision Agréé

Cyril Cayez, Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé
Partner

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Mercury Fund

We confirm our acceptance of the terms of this engagement letter and of the attached general terms and conditions for Réviseurs d’Entreprises.

Name: Date:

Title: Signature:

Name: Date:

Title: Signature: