climate change monetary policy
"climate change monetary policy" ECB's approach to climate in monetary policy
"ECB climate" General ECB climate-related actions
"What are the ECB's supervisory priorities?" ECB supervisory priorities
"ECB banking supervision" ECB supervisory framework
ECB guide to internal models" Internal models guidance
"What are the FATF Recommendations?" Core AML/CFT standards
"FATF Recommendations" Core AML/CFT standards
FATF AML/CFT" AML/CFT framework
FATF high-risk jurisdictions" High-risk and monitored jurisdictions
FATF virtual assets" Virtual assets and VASPs
What are the transparency rules for non-equity instruments?" MiFID II/MiFIR transparency
What are the liquidity management tools under AIFMD?" AIFMD liquidity rules
What are the CSDR settlement discipline rules?" CSDR settlement
ESMA MiFID II" MiFID II framework
What are the UCITS sustainability requirements?" UCITS ESG rules
What are the revised SREP guidelines?" Supervisory review and evaluation
What are the EBA guidelines on ESG risk management?" ESG risk management
EBA operational risk" Operational risk RTS
EBA outsourcing guidelines" Outsourcing arrangements
EBA Pillar 3 disclosures" Pillar 3 disclosure requirements
What is the ORSA under Solvency II?" Own Risk and Solvency Assessment
What are the Solvency II capital requirements?" Solvency II capital rules
EIOPA Solvency II" Solvency II framework
EIOPA ORSA" ORSA requirements
Solvency II guidelines" Solvency II guidelines
What are the AMLA's 2026 priorities?" AMLA strategic priorities
What are the draft RTS on Customer Due Diligence?" AMLA CDD rules
AMLA RTS" Regulatory Technical Standards
AMLA Single Programming Document" AMLA SPD 2026-2028
AMLA cross-border FIU cooperation" FIU information exchange
Do we have an example of a Compliance Monitoring Plan, including the associated risk assessment, for a crypto-asset service provider (CASP) in Luxembourg?
In the context of a Long Form Report (external audit) of a payment institution, do we have a model approach for the review of the AML/CFT framework?
Do we have examples of valuation policy and risk management policy for an ISA with infrastructure funds?
Do we have a due diligence questionnaire to send to UCITS fund distributors?
What are the regulatory obligations of an MFI for FATCA/CRS reporting, and do we have an example of an internal FATCA/CRS policy?
What are the supervisory obligations of an MFI when functions are delegated directly by the fund's general partner rather than by the MFI itself?
Investor blocked account monitoring system (the function of transfer agent/TA is outsourced). Apart from sending reminders to the TA to obtain the missing documentation to complete/finalize the KYC, what more can IFM do? Make a declaration of suspicion, escalate the subject to the Board?
What obligations are imposed on an AIFM investing in illiquid securities under the Market Abuse Regulation (MAD 2)?
Do we have performance assessment frameworks that incorporate sustainability objectives (ESG) for a credit institution?
"What is the legal basis for the free movement of capital in the EU?"Quelles sont les travaux que le réviseur d'entreprises doit effectuer dans le cas d'une erreur de calcul de NAV selon la circulaire CSSF 24/856 (par type d'erreur) ?
Quelles sont les travaux que le réviseur d'entreprises doit effectuer dans le cas d'une fusion / transformation / apport en nature selon la norme XXXX (j'ai plus en tête toutes le normes) ?
uels les changements de principes comptables dans les états financiers en cas de liquidation ?
Quels sont les impacts de la nouvelle norme IFRS 18 ?
What are the ICT governance requirements for Luxembourg-supervised entities?
What are the draft RTS on Customer Due Diligence?
What are the ECB's supervisory priorities?
"What are the draft RTS on Customer Due Diligence?
"What are the key provisions of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565?"
"What are the ESMA guidelines on suitability?
What is ESMA's supervisory briefing on outsourcing?
What are the current consultation proposals for the AIFMD review?
What are the requirements for a merger under the Luxembourg law on securitisation?
What is the topic of the latest discussion paper on sustainability?
How does ESMA's Q&A on MiFID II treat best execution?
what is the procedure of submitting a parliamentary question
what are the customer due diligence requirements under the AMLR?
what are the triggers for enhanced due diligence (EDD)?
what is the difference between policy and a procedure under cssf rules?
what would be the frequency of compliance monitoring reviews
what are the record-keeping requirement of AML/CFT?
what is the differnece between suspicion and confirmed violation
what is the difference between suspicion and confirmed violation
what are the requirements for staff AML/CFT training?
what are the requirements for the compliance function's reporting lines?
what are the requirements for outsourcing critical functions?
what are the requirements for the internal audit function?
what are the requirements for conflict for interest management?
what are the requirements for client asset segregation
what are the requirement for internal models for credit risk?
what are the ECB'S supervisory priorities for 2026-28?
what are the SREP requirement for a bank?
what are the risk management requirements for a payment institution
what are the AML/CFT requirements for a payment institution
what are the AML/CFT requirements for the ROA/CSSF questionnaire?
what are the  requirements for a long form report (audit report)?
what are the depositary oversight requirements?
quelles sont les exigences de la circulaire cssf 26/906?
what are the internal governance requirement for a financial institution?
what are the ECB's supervisory priorities for 2026-28 and how do they affect banks?
what are the SREP capital requirements for a bank?
what are the requirements for internal models for credit risk?
what are the ICAAP requirements for a bank?
what are the liquidity management tools under AIFMD?
what are the UCITS sustainability requirements?
what are the CSDR settlement discipline rules?
what are the difference between pillar 2 guidance and pillar 2 requirement?
"What is the legal basis for the free movement of capital in the EU?"
"What are the key requirements of the PRIIPs Regulation?
How is the MiFID II directive transposed into Luxembourg law?"
"What is the amended law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector?"
"What is the Grand-Ducal regulation implementing MiFID II?
"What are the requirements under RTS 27 for non-equity transparency?
"What are the technical reporting formats under ITS?
What are the key provisions of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565?
What is the deadline for the annual update of the DORA register under Circular CSSF 25/893?"
What are the ESMA guidelines on suitability?"
"How does ESMA's Q&A on MiFID II treat best execution?"
"What is ESMA's supervisory briefing on outsourcing?"
"What is the topic of the latest discussion paper on sustainability?"
"What are the requirements for a merger under the Luxembourg law on securitisation?"
"What work must the statutory auditor carry out in the event of an error in the calculation of the NAV according to CSSF Circular 24/856?"
"What work does the statutory auditor have to do in the case of a merger or transformation according to the professional standards?"
How should the fair value of a financial option be accounted for?"
"How should financial statements be presented when the entity is not a going concern?"
"What are the changes in accounting principles when a company is in liquidation?"
"What are the stages of a company liquidation and what are the roles of the liquidator and auditor?"
What are the impacts of the new IFRS 18 standard on financial statements?"
What are the impacts of the new law on securitisation in Luxembourg?"
"How can the platform verify the consistency of data in a client's board management report (e.g., Luxembourg GDP growth of 10%)?"
"How can the platform verify the consistency of data in a client's board management report
"Provide a summary of the key points from a client's prospectus, focusing on the type of fund, service providers, fee structure, valuation method, investment policies, performance fees, and redemption mechanisms."
"What are the FATF's requirements for AML/CFT?"
"What are the FATF's high-risk and monitored jurisdictions?"
"What are the main regulatory priorities for 2026 across EU authorities?"
What are the climate risk management expectations for financial institutions?"
"What are the ESG-related regulatory expectations from ECB, EBA, and ESMA?"
"What are the AML/CFT obligations for financial institutions?"
"What are the data protection obligations under GDPR for financial institutions?"
Quelles sont les obligations de la circulaire CSSF 24/856 ?
